Feature/improve readme (#93)
retest/recheck-web: README.md

## Prerequisites

> Operates on top of [Selenium](https://www.seleniumhq.org/projects/webdriver/) only. Selenium has become an official browser standard, supported by all major browsers. Learn more about Selenium and [how to install](https://www.seleniumhq.org/download/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operates on top of [Selenium](https://www.seleniumhq.org/projects/webdriver/). Selenium has become an official [W3C standard](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver1/), supported by all major browsers. Learn more about Selenium and [how to install it](https://www.seleniumhq.org/download/).
```
